circ-ANAPC7	circ-disease	acute myeloid leukemia
circPAN3	circ-disease	acute myeloid leukemia
circRNA_100290	circ-disease	acute myeloid leukemia
hsa_circ_0000488	circ-disease	acute myeloid leukemia
hsa_circ_0009910	circ-disease	acute myeloid leukemia
hsa_circ_100290	circ-disease	acute myeloid leukemia
circ-HIPK2	circ-disease	acute promyelocytic leukemia
BCRC-3	circ-disease	bladder cancer
CDR1as	circ-disease	bladder cancer
cTFRC	circ-disease	bladder cancer
ciRs-6	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circ-Foxo3	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circ-PRMT5	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circ-ZKSCAN1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circCEP128	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circCTDP1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circDOCK1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circFNDC3B	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circFUT8	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circLPAR1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circMTO1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circMYLK	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circNR3C1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circPICALM	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circPTPRA	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circRGNEF	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circRIP2	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circSLC8A1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circUBXN7	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circUVRAG	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circVANGL1	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circZFR	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circRNA_102336	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0000144	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0000799	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0001073	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0001361	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0001429	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0002768	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_001598	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0018069	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0041103	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0058063	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0068871	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0071662	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0075828	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0137439	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_0137606	circ-disease	bladder cancer
hsa_circ_100242	circ-disease	bladder cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	bladder urothelial carcinoma
circ-ABCB10	circ-disease	breast cancer
circ-CDYL	circ-disease	breast cancer
circ-UBE2D2	circ-disease	breast cancer
circACAP2	circ-disease	breast cancer
circASS1	circ-disease	breast cancer
circBMPR2	circ-disease	breast cancer
circCCDC66	circ-disease	breast cancer
circDENND4C	circ-disease	breast cancer
circEHMT1	circ-disease	breast cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	breast cancer
circIRAK3	circ-disease	breast cancer
circKDM4C	circ-disease	breast cancer
circMYO9B	circ-disease	breast cancer
circRNA-CER	circ-disease	breast cancer
circRNA_000911	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circRNA_002178	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0000073	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0000911	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0001098	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0001982	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0004771	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0005230	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0005239	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0006528	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0007255	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0007534	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0008039	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0008717	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_001783	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0025202	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0052112	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0061825	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0068033	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0072309	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0072995	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0103552	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0136666	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_100219	circ-disease	breast cancer
hsa_circ_0001427	circ-disease	castration-resistant prostate cancer
circ-ATP8A2	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circAGFG1	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circCCDC66	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circCLK3	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circEIF4G2	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circMTO1	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circRNA_000284	circ-disease	cervical cancer
circRNA_8924	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circRNA_101996	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0000263	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0000515	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0001038	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0001445	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0004214	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0005576	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0007534	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0023404	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0031288	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0033550	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0060467	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0067934	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0075341	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_103973	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_CSPP1	circ-disease	cervical cancer
hsa_circ_0005230	circ-disease	cholangiocarcinoma
circ-CBFB	circ-disease	chronic lymphocytic leukemia
hsa_circ_0080145	circ-disease	chronic myeloid leukemia
circATP2B1	circ-disease	clear cell renal cell carcinoma
circHIAT1	circ-disease	clear cell renal cell carcinoma
circPCNXL2	circ-disease	clear cell renal cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_001895	circ-disease	clear cell renal cell carcinoma
circ-CDYL	circ-disease	colon cancer
circDENND4C	circ-disease	colon cancer
circPIP5K1A	circ-disease	colon cancer
circRNA-ACAP2	circ-disease	colon cancer
hsa_circ_00001666	circ-disease	colon cancer
hsa_circ_0001313	circ-disease	colon cancer
hsa_circ_0005963	circ-disease	colon cancer
hsa_circ_0007843	circ-disease	colon cancer
hsa_circ_0055625	circ-disease	colon cancer
CBL.11	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circ-NSD2	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circ-PRMT5	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circ-ZNF609	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circANKS1B	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circCCT3	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circITGA7	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circPVT1	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
circRNA_100290	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circRNA_086376	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circRNA_102761	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circRNA_105055	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0000218	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0000284	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0000523	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0001900	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0002211	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0005100	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0006990	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0007534	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0009361	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_001569	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0020397	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0026344	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0053277	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0067835	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0071589	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0072088	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0079993	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0136666	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_0137008	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circ_101555	circ-disease	colorectal cancer
hsa_circRNA_100833	circ-disease	cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circRNA_100834	circ-disease	cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0070934	circ-disease	cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0127621	circ-disease	diffuse large b-cell lymphoma
circTNFRSF21	circ-disease	endometrial cancer
hsa_circ_0002577	circ-disease	endometrial cancer
hsa_circ_0039569	circ-disease	endometrial cancer
hsa_circ_0061140	circ-disease	endometrial cancer
circ-ABCB10	circ-disease	epithelial ovarian cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	epithelial ovarian cancer
circ-PGAM1	circ-disease	epithelial ovarian cancer
circ-RAD23B	circ-disease	esophageal cancer
circPVT1	circ-disease	esophageal cancer
circRNA_001275	circ-disease	esophageal cancer
hsa_circ_0000554	circ-disease	esophageal cancer
hsa_circ_0006168	circ-disease	esophageal cancer
CDR1as	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
circ-PRKCI	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
circ-VRK1	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
circUBAP2	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
hsa_circ_0000337	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
hsa_circ_0000654	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
hsa_circ_0004771	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
hsa_circ_0006168	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
hsa_circ_0006948	circ-disease	esophageal squamous cell cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	gallbladder cancer
hsa_circ_0008234	circ-disease	gallbladder cancer
CDR1as	circ-disease	gastric cancer
ciRS-133	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-CEP85L	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-DCAF6	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-EIF4G3	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-ERBB2	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-NOTCH1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-PRMT5	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-RanGAP1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-SFMBT2	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circATXN7	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circHECTD1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circHIAT1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circMLLT10	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circMTO1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circNF1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circNRIP1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circPDSS1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circPSMC3	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circPVT1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circRBMS3	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circRHOBTB3	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circRNA_001569	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circRNA_0047905	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circRNA_104433	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circYAP1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circZFR	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ_SPECC1	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000199	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000267	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000291	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000376	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000467	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000592	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000673	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0000993	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001368	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001461	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001546	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001658	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001725	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001772	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001897	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0001946	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0003855	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0004928	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0006282	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0006848	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0008106	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0008365	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0008549	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0014130	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0027599	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0032627	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0056618	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0058092	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0060456	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_006100	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0067997	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0081143	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0092303	circ-disease	gastric cancer
hsa_circ_0092306	circ-disease	gastric cancer
circ-Foxo3	circ-disease	glioblastoma
circ-PITX1	circ-disease	glioblastoma
circMTO1	circ-disease	glioblastoma
circNT5E	circ-disease	glioblastoma
hsa_circ_0001801	circ-disease	glioblastoma
hsa_circ_0001946	circ-disease	glioblastoma
hsa_circ_0043949	circ-disease	glioblastoma
hsa_circ_0074027	circ-disease	glioblastoma
circMMP9	circ-disease	glioblastoma multiforme
circ-CDC45	circ-disease	glioma
circ-DICER1	circ-disease	glioma
circ-EZH2	circ-disease	glioma
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	glioma
circ-PITX1	circ-disease	glioma
circ-POSTN	circ-disease	glioma
circ-PTPRZ1	circ-disease	glioma
circ-TTBK2	circ-disease	glioma
circ-ZNF264	circ-disease	glioma
circHIPK3	circ-disease	glioma
circKIF4A	circ-disease	glioma
circMAN2B2	circ-disease	glioma
circNFIX	circ-disease	glioma
circPTN	circ-disease	glioma
circSCAF11	circ-disease	glioma
circSHKBP1	circ-disease	glioma
circSMO742	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0000177	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0000594	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0001801	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0002142	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0005198	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0007534	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0008225	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0012129	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0014359	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0015758	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_002136	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0034642	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0037251	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0037655	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0046701	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0047688	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0061868	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0073237	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0074026	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0074362	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0076248	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0079593	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0082374	circ-disease	glioma
hsa_circ_0088732	circ-disease	glioma
circRNA_036186	circ-disease	head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000495	circ-disease	head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
circRNA_100284	circ-disease	hepatic carcinoma
hsa_circ_0015756	circ-disease	hepatoblastoma
hsa_circ_0072391	circ-disease	hepatoblastoma
circ-ABCB10	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-CDYL	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-FOXP1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-HOMER1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-PRKCI	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-PRMT5	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-SMAD2	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-TCF4.85	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circ-ZEB1.33	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circABCC2	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circADAMTS13	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circADAMTS14	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circASAP1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circC3P1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circDYNC1H1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circFBLIM1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circHIAT1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circLARP4	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circMAN2B2	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circMAT2B	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circMYLK	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circPCNX	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circPTGR1	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circRBM23	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circRNA_101368	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circRNA_101505	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circRNA_104718	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circRNA_5692	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circSLC3A2	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circTRIM33-12	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
circZFR	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circRNA_0007874	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circRNA_101764	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000092	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000204	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000284	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000567	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000673	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0001178	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0001649	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0001946	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0001955	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0003258	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0005075	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0005986	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_000839	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0008450	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0009910	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_001569	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0015756	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0016788	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0021093	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0039411	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0046600	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0051443	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0056836	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0067934	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0070269	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0078710	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0091570	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0091581	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0101432	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0103809	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_100338	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_101280	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_103809	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_104075	circ-disease	hepatocellular carcinoma
hsa_circ_0005027	circ-disease	hypopharyngeal cancer
hsa_circ_0008287	circ-disease	hypopharyngeal cancer
hsa_circRNA_001654	circ-disease	infantile hemangioma
hsa_circRNA_100933	circ-disease	infantile hemangioma
hsa_circRNA_102116	circ-disease	infantile hemangioma
hsa_circRNA_104310	circ-disease	infantile hemangioma
circ2174	circ-disease	intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
circHIPK3	circ-disease	kidney clear cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0057481	circ-disease	laryngeal cancer
CDR1as	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
circRNA_100290	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0023303	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0042666	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0044520	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0044529	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0059354	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0092012	circ-disease	laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
circADAMTS13	circ-disease	liver cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	liver cancer
circRNA_0072309	circ-disease	liver cancer
hsa_circ_0003028	circ-disease	liver cancer
hsa_circ_0007915	circ-disease	liver cancer
hsa_circ_0071410	circ-disease	liver cancer
hsa_circ_0091579	circ-disease	liver cancer
hsa_circ_100395	circ-disease	liver cancer
cMras	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circ-ENO1	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circ-PRKCI	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circ-SOX4	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circABCC4	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circPUM1	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circPVT1	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circRNF13	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0000729	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0000792	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0001946	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0002346	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0003998	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0006427	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0012673	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0013958	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0014130	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0020732	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0025036	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0067934	circ-disease	lung adenocarcinoma
circ-ABCB10	circ-disease	lung cancer
circ-AKT3	circ-disease	lung cancer
circ-BANP	circ-disease	lung cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	lung cancer
circGFRA1	circ-disease	lung cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	lung cancer
circMAN2B2	circ-disease	lung cancer
circPVT1	circ-disease	lung cancer
circUBAP2	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circRNA_100833	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circRNA_103595	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circRNA_103809	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circ_0000284	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circ_0001821	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circ_0006916	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circ_0007059	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circ_0012673	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circ_0046264	circ-disease	lung cancer
hsa_circ_100395	circ-disease	lung cancer
circ-PAX2	circ-disease	lung squamous cell carcinoma
circTP63	circ-disease	lung squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000408	circ-disease	lung squamous cell carcinoma
circRNA_0084043	circ-disease	malignant melanoma
hsa_circ_0025039	circ-disease	malignant melanoma
circ-FOXM1	circ-disease	melanoma
circMYC	circ-disease	melanoma
hsa_circ_0017247	circ-disease	melanoma
hsa_circ_0084043	circ-disease	melanoma
hsa_circ_0012342	circ-disease	mucoepidermoid carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000190	circ-disease	multiple myeloma
CDR1as	circ-disease	nasopharyngeal carcinoma
circHIPK3	circ-disease	nasopharyngeal carcinoma
circRNA_000543	circ-disease	nasopharyngeal carcinoma
circRPMS1	circ-disease	nasopharyngeal carcinoma
hsa_circ_0008450	circ-disease	nasopharyngeal carcinoma
CDR1as	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circ-ACACA	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circ-FOXM1	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circ-Foxo3	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circ-PRMT5	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circ-RAD23B	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circAGFG1	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circBIRC6	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circFARSA	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circFGFR1	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circFGFR3	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circMTDH.4	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circP4HB	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circPTPRA	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circPVT1	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circRNA_100146	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circSMARCA5	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circVANGL1	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0000003	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0000284	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0000735	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0001649	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0001727	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0003645	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0003998	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0004015	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0007385	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0008305	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0008717	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0011780	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0012384	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0014130	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0016760	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0020123	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0026134	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0043256	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0043278	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0062389	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0072083	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0072309	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0074027	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0076305	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0078767	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
hsa_circ_0087862	circ-disease	non-small cell lung cancer
circ-PKD2	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
circ-SCARB1	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
circATRNL1	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
circDOCK1	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
circHIPK3	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
circPVT1	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
circRNA_100290	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circRNA_100533	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0000140	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0001971	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0002185	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0008309	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0072387	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_009755	circ-disease	oral squamous cell carcinoma
CDR1as	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circEPSTI1	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circFAT1	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circLARP4	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circMMP9	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circMYO10	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circNASP	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circPVT1	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circRNA_100876	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circTCF25	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circ_ANKIB1	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circ_ARF3	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circ_ORC2	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0000190	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0001105	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0001564	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0001658	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0001721	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0001785	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0002052	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0004846	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0008792	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0009910	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0043278	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0051079	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0056288	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0060428	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0092509	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
hsa_circ_0102049	circ-disease	osteosarcoma
circ-CSPP1	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circ-FAM53B	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circEPSTI1	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circGFRA1	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circLARP4	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circPLEKHM3	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circPUM1	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circRhoC	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circWHSC1	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
hsa_circ_0004390	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
hsa_circ_0007874	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
hsa_circ_0051240	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
hsa_circ_100395	circ-disease	ovarian cancer
circ-ADAM9	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
circ-IARS	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
circ-LDLRAD3	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
circ-PDE8A	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
circCCDC66	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
circRHOT1	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
hsa_circ_0000977	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
hsa_circ_0006215	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
hsa_circ_0099999	circ-disease	pancreatic cancer
circ-ASH2L	circ-disease	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
circFOXK2	circ-disease	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
hsa_circRNA_0007334	circ-disease	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0000977	circ-disease	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0007534	circ-disease	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_001653	circ-disease	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
hsa_circ_0030235	circ-disease	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
circ-FOXM1	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
circBACH2	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
circNUP214	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
circRAPGEF5	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
circZFR	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circRNA_004662	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circRNA_014213	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circRNA_046843	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circRNA_061346	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circRNA_101408	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0004458	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0005273	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0015278	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0025033	circ-disease	papillary thyroid cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circ-ZNF609	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circABCC4	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circAMOTL1L	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circGUCY1A2	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circHIPK3	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circLMTK2	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circMTO1	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circSLC7A6	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circZFP57	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circ_KATNAL1	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circ_SLC19A1	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circRNA_008068	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circRNA_091420	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circRNA_101981	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circRNA_101996	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circRNA_406557	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circ_0001206	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circ_0006404	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circ_0057558	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circ_0062019	circ-disease	prostate cancer
hsa_circ_0141940	circ-disease	prostate cancer
circMTO1	circ-disease	rectal cancer
circ-ZNF652	circ-disease	renal carcinoma
circNRIP1	circ-disease	renal carcinoma
hsa_circ_0072309	circ-disease	renal carcinoma
circ-AKT3	circ-disease	renal cell carcinoma
circMTO1	circ-disease	renal cell carcinoma
circPRRC2A	circ-disease	renal cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_000926	circ-disease	renal cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0035483	circ-disease	renal clear cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_0093996	circ-disease	retinoblastoma
hsa_circ_0059655	circ-disease	salivary adenoid cystic carcinoma
circ-LAMP1	circ-disease	t-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma
circNEK6	circ-disease	thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0011385	circ-disease	thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0058124	circ-disease	thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0060060	circ-disease	thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0067934	circ-disease	thyroid cancer
hsa_circ_0001742	circ-disease	tongue squamous cell carcinoma
hsa_circ_081069	circ-disease	tongue squamous cell carcinoma
CDR1as	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circ-ITCH	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circAGFG1	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circEPSTI1	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circKIF4A	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circPLK1	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circSEPT9	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circTADA2A-E6	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
hsa_circRNA_000479	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
hsa_circ_0001451	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
hsa_circ_0001846	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
hsa_circ_0002453	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
hsa_circ_0007294	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
hsa_circ_0009362	circ-disease	triple-negative breast cancer
circ-PRMT5	circ-disease	urothelial carcinoma of bladder
circFAM114A2	circ-disease	urothelial carcinoma of bladder